Add consensus cell types and bulk analysis to the discussion (#159)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/05.discussion.md

Additionally, users can choose to download a merged `SingleCellExperiment` or `AnnData` object containing all gene expression data and metadata from all samples in a project.
This is helpful for analyzing multiple samples simultaneously and performing analyses such as differential gene expression or gene set enrichment.

To provide users with cell type annotations, we used two automated methods, `SingleR` and `CellAssign`, which use publicly available references.

> Although these annotations have limitations because the references do not contain tumor cells, these methods provide a good starting point for further downstream analysis.
> For example, we used correspondence between methods to derive ontology-aware consensus cell labels.
> In addition to providing a consistent labeling scheme across samples in the ScPCA Portal, these consensus cell type labels may be particularly helpful for annotating populations of normal cells, which are represented in the underlying `SingleR` and `CellAssign` references, that may be present in tumor samples.

Reviewer: It looks like you reverted back to the original ordering of the sentences. The reason I had suggested to change it is because I don't want to frame the consensus cell type annotation as a downstream analysis. I think because we have already done it we should state that we used the automated annotations to obtain a consensus cell type annotation and provide that to users. The availability of that consensus annotation is a helpful starting point for users to perform their own downstream analysis. 

```suggestion
We then used the correspondence between methods to derive ontology-aware consensus cell type labels. 
In addition to providing a consistent labeling scheme across samples in the ScPCA Portal, these consensus cell type labels may be particularly helpful for annotating populations of normal cells, which are represented in the underlying `SingleR` and `CellAssign` references, that may be present in tumor samples.
As the publicly available references we used do not contain tumor cells but only normal cells, we recognize that the annotations we provide are limited.
Despite these limitations, the annotations provide a good starting point for further downstream analysis.
```

To provide users with cell type annotations, we used two automated methods, `SingleR` and `CellAssign`, which use public references.
As the publicly available references we used do not contain tumor cells but only normal cells, we recognize that the annotations we provide are limited.
Despite these limitations, these methods provide a good starting point for further downstream analysis.
For example, we used correspondence between methods to derive ontology-aware consensus cell labels.

> In addition to providing a consistent labeling scheme across samples in the ScPCA Portal, these consensus cell type labels may be particularly helpful for annotating populations of normal cells, which are represented in the underlying `SingleR` and `CellAssign` references, that may be present in tumor samples.

Reviewer: I think I would actually reorder the sentences here like so (GitHub won't let me make the full suggestion): 

```
To provide users with cell type annotations, we used two automated methods, `SingleR` and `CellAssign`, which use public references.
We then used the correspondence between methods to derive ontology-aware consensus cell type labels. 
In addition to providing a consistent labeling scheme across samples in the ScPCA Portal, these consensus cell type labels may be particularly helpful for annotating populations of normal cells, which are represented in the underlying `SingleR` and `CellAssign` references, that may be present in tumor samples.
As the publicly available references we used do not contain tumor cells but only normal cells, we recognize that the annotations we provide are limited.
Despite these limitations, the annotations provide a good starting point for further downstream analysis.
```
